# Binance API RSI trading bot

This trading bot uses Binance's API to automatically place buy and sell orders using a one minute timeframe. I took on this project to develop further my Python understandig skills outside Data Science environments. This is the tutorial I've followed: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdlFhF6gjKo

I've used this source to learn more about the RSI: https://blog.devgenius.io/overlaying-the-relative-strength-index-rsi-on-multiple-stocks-crypto-in-python-64a46f9837a1

In that article, this definition can be found: 

*Developed by J. Welles Wilder, the Relative Strength Index (RSI) is a momentum oscillator that measures the speed and change of price movements. RSI oscillates between zero and 100. According to Wilder, RSI is considered overbought when above 70 and oversold when below 30. Signals can also be generated by looking for divergences, failure swings and centerline crossovers. RSI can also be used to identify the general trend.*

It is not difficult to visualize the RSI on the Binance desktop app. Although it is easier to test this strategy on small timeframes, it is not a very solid one. On very short timeframes, the tendency is easily reverted, rapidly resulting in a selling signal at a price lower than the entry price. A quick -unorthodox- fix would be to sell only if the price is higher than the buying price. Another option is to use larger timeframes, as the price tendency would not necessarily change so fast. 

Overall, timing the markets is very risky, if possible at all. The sole purpose of this project was to build a program that follows and executes instructions using an API. 
